readme.md, before:

Zynk Samples and Scripts
------------------------

These example files and scripts in this repository are provided as part of the Zynk license and are examples of how to implement the server side of an integration with our Zynk Integration platform.

- XML folder contains a large collection of sample XML files to perform specific tasks in Zynk - this should be your main source of reference if you are writing a server side integration to Zynk
- XSLT folder contains a list of XSL Transformations to convert from one XML format e.g. Amazon Orders to Sage XML Invoices or Ebay Orders to Sage Sales Orders
- ASP folder contains an example for developers using Microsoft ASP/VBScript technology
- ASP.Net folder contains example code for .Net developers
- PHP folder contains numerous example plugins for OsCommerce, ZenCart and Prestashop

If you require our developers to customise these scripts in any way please contact our sales team on 0845 123 2920 and ask them to provide an estimate for the work.

All thse scripts form part of our Zynk product and are provided on an as-is basis without any warranty implied as to their suitability for your specific project. They are Copyright 2012, Internetware Limited and are subject to the standard Zynk End User License agreement which can be viewed at www.internetware.co.uk/eula

Permission to make derivitive works from these files is permitted provided that all copyright notices stay intact.

Commit message:

Restructure folders
Restructure folders to match Zynk folder structure on local machine.

readme.md, after:

Zynk Samples and Scripts
------------------------

These example files and scripts in this repository are provided as part of the Zynk license and are examples of how to implement the server side of an integration with our Zynk Integration platform.

- ASP folder contains an example scripts for developers using Microsoft ASP/VBScript technology
- ASP.Net folder contains example code for .Net developers
- Integration Samples contains workflow, data and XSLT samples for common integration practices.
- PHP folder contains numerous example plugins for OsCommerce, ZenCart and Prestashop.
- Workflow Samples contains example workflow files for common integration cases.
- XML folder contains a large collection of sample XML files to perform specific tasks in Zynk - this should be your main source of reference if you are writing a server side integration to Zynk
- XSLT folder contains a list of XSL Transformations to convert from one XML format e.g. Amazon Orders to Sage XML Invoices or Ebay Orders to Sage Sales Orders

If you require our developers to customise these scripts in any way please contact our sales team on 0845 123 2920 and ask them to provide an estimate for the work.

All thse scripts form part of our Zynk product and are provided on an as-is basis without any warranty implied as to their suitability for your specific project. They are Copyright 2012, Internetware Limited and are subject to the standard Zynk End User License agreement which can be viewed at www.internetware.co.uk/eula

Permission to make derivitive works from these files is permitted provided that all copyright notices stay intact.

Integration Samples
-------------------

The example sub folders in the Integration Samples section are in relation to how they should be configured on your local machine. Copy the files into one of the below directories based on your Zynk version:

- C:\ProgramData\Internetware\Zynk\1.0\
- C:\ProgramData\Zynk Software\Zynk\2.0\

The above directories will already contain 'Data' and 'My Workflows' folders. Overwrite or copy the files into these directories.
